[Music]
doesn't the main name come to life
yeah like how does one person register a
domain name by the Aryan name service
and that my dear husband yeah so like a
ETH domain is actually you can buy from
this side yes like five dollars per year
and so it's first-come parser so you
just write here and after that let me
try to see what happens
yeah but there is Phi where usually
address which has a DFS okay usually
diagnose that right now we have a
special automatic without installing the
shows are BL - okay this science fair we
made a special Wi-Fi network where it
can be some imaginary top-level domain
for door eh
got it because it's still not a globally
register available to me yeah we don't
know it's like I feel without police
EOPS so we passed through them that I
have an easier time a gonna happen okay
that would be great so when you change a
hash when you change the content - does
that make a transaction with these
proteins variously apparently apparently
Yami suppose IP effects result if you
change the actually changes you have to
get up there from which is causing this
transaction
we are currently have one poor request
to support IP address of a scientist
it's resolved and again you don't have
to change every check it's coming that's
that's very cool so where do you think
is the strength in the integration
between DNS and IP FS why do you think
we can go together yeah when we talk
about yes people usually think about
Sarah mod to be Joe massara address
it's very common question again how do I
have like the central well the people
you show us at all maybe actually
reserved IP address
you have to put IP invest because that's
a difference between finding content by
its location and finding content by its
the content itself by authenticating and
this is quite good to appeal to any like
front-end JavaScript developer because a
some of them unless they have a motor
skill they'll be employed to prop them
so they don't yeah for the less
confident managing server side hundred
also traffic by you for these they are
kinda free from alone because ipfs
distributed manages so I think they may
appeal to any developer who's not
necessary
[Music]
two best guys please tie the medical
tent up and possibly scalable